Ron: Do you need components now? Tried and true components, not some shiny new toy.

Ron: I'm Ron Tend, he's... Gary. He's new. Come on down to Consign System Gently Used Components, we got everything you need.
(overlay name, logo)

Gary: Consign System Gently Used Components has a component that almost works for almost any situation

-- Cut -- 

Ron: *Slaps roof* You can fit so much tech debt in this thing?

-- Cut -- 

Gary: Need a table you can add a second smaller table in that's just a little bit green and triggers a full page modal? 
We got a few of those out back

-- Cut -- 

Ron: Need a font? We got twenty! How does Roboto sound?

-- Cut --

Gary: 8 versions behind? We like to think of it as having room to grow

-- Cut to aside between Ron and Gary --
Gary: But Ron, won't these components ultimately end up slowin' 'em down?
Ron: Be quiet Gary, we are sellin these components, once we sell em it's not our problem

[optional: Now Gary we're real low on budget, can you be one of them wacky inflatable dancing men for me?]

Gary: Whatever you say Ron Tend you're the boss

-- Cut to dancing -- 
Ron: Find a near fit today down at Consign System Gently Used Components!
Gary: Our lawyers made us say the next bit


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Consign System Gently Used Components are not responsible or liable for any breaking of
builds, client experiences, production environments, servers, smart fridges, or anything
else executing the product. Side effects of Consign System components may include but are
not limited to: visual bugs, runtime errors, poor interactions, decrease in accessibility,
nausea, heartburn, indegestion, upset stomach, you get the idea, and in some cases even death.

Consign System Gently Used Components has a 0 return policy. In fact, once you touch it, it's
yours no take-backsies. Any inquiries about the component shall be forwarded to the new owner,
and any previous debt owed is now the responsibility of the owner.

Consign System Gently Used Components does not necessarily endorse their products and the
opinions displayed in this ad are not their own. Upon installing a Consign System component
the user forfeits all rights to damages or suit.
