C: I’m your host Christian

T: Good morning, I’m Troy

T & C: and this is UIF News

C: Well Troy, it’s April 1st and you know what that means?

T: It’s Q2

C: Yes that’s right, it’s Q2 2024, even though I’m pretty sure yesterday was January 2023

T: Time flies when you’re having Helix

C: It sure does, but speaking of 2023 that brings us to our top story.

[------- cut to solo medium shot of christian with dramatic pivot to camera 2 ---------]
C: In what may feel like a scene straight out of classic 1993 film Groundhog Day, the UIF roadmap for 2024 is looking 
alarmingly similar to the initial proposal for the 2023 roadmap.
C: There have been a “growth” of concerns around the similarity, leaving some “division” among UIF members. 
C: Some are questioning if this was a foreseeable and preventable outcome, while Friedrich Nietzsche maintains 
that time is a flat circle and we are doomed to endlessly repeat our actions
T: [Off-camera] Nietzsche? Who let him on the team?
C: In any case, sources close to the matter claim the 2024 roadmap has been named "Copy of 2023_roadmap final final",
indicating that this is in fact no longer open to revisions.

[------- Switch back to Camera 1 ---------------- ]

C: The UIF team is known for having a large surface area in its domain, with an equally large body of work to focus on.
C: However recently, this has been taken to new extremes. The team has gained ownership of the Global Header, Shoulder, Kneer, and Footer.
A new proposal in the system of systems pattern introduces the Nervous System, used for messaging as well as Reacting. 

C: On a personal note, it may be tempting to keep these new areas at arms length, but those willing to go out on a
limb will be rewarded with building a robust end to end experience for all of Procore


T: [Exchange knowing glance with Christian] End to end, huh? Next up we'll hear from our man in the field [Jeremy or alt moniker], who
has been [intro to topic]. It's all yours [Jeremy or alt moniker]

-- Jeremy Segment --

T: Truly astounding, thank you [Jeremy or alt moniker] for your intrepid reporting as always.

C: It's now time for the weather, from our wonderful weatherwoman (or was it weatherful wonderwoman?) Robbin

-- Robbin weather --

C: Thank you Robbin for your always-helpful forecasts in these helical times

T: And now a few words from our sponsors

-- State Farm / DS ad --

-- Used Component Salesman ad --

[----- cut to solo medium shot of troy camera 2 ------]

T: Hello and welcome back. 
T: A new member of the i18n team reported for standup from Paris France this week, an all too common blunder when a newhire
is asked to validate a french locale. Despite all of the delicious croissants and baguettes, or perhaps due to them, the
team member considers the trip a pain -- [baguette bg image]

T: The i18n team has recently released Get To Know 3 aka GTK 3. This exciting program will teach users all about the third
number. [bg image Sesame Street Count w/ 3] This release provides key functionality to complete our High Integrity Commitment
to HBO for the construction of Sesame Street

C: We have reports of a story breaking abroad, we are now going live with our Foreign Corrospondent, Nick

-- Nick Segment --

[---- back to both camera 1 -----]

T: Arrivederci Nick, I hope you don't Rome too far from home. Legendary television and movie producer
Jerry Bruckheimer has expressed interest in Helix. Bruckheimer is rebooting his classic series Pirates
of the Carribean, and felt the Dock would be a perfect fit. In an interview, Bruckheimer said he loved
the Dock, calling it "iconic" --  ah correction he said it contained icons. It is unclear if Johnny Depp,
who played Captain Jack Sparrow in the previous films is attached to the project, but our sources say the Sidepanel is.


C: And now for our final segment, we have Brock from Procore HQ. How's the office?

-- Brock office --

T: And that was Procorelitzer prize winning journalist, Brock Noah.

C: That's all of our stories for the day, thank you for watching.

T: I'm Christian
C: And I'm Troy

C&T: Good day and go team

[Zoom out & fade to black Christian and Troy talkin, laughing]
