ASPCA

length: 2:01
transcript: https://www.virginiawestern.edu/eng111/ASPCAAnnouncement.pdf
video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eXfvRcllV8

---- // This is overlay text that isn't read aloud
Every day in America thousands of animals suffer from cruelty and neglect

Thousands were rescued last year

But for thousands of others help came too late
----

Hi, I’m Sarah McLachlan. Will you be an angel for a helpless animal? Everyday innocent animals are abused, beaten, and neglected. And they’re crying out for help.

Please, call the number on your screen with a monthly gift right now. For just eighteen dollars a month, only sixty cents a day, you’ll help rescue animals from their abusers and provide medical care, food, shelter, and love. Call, or join online in the next thirty minutes, and you’ll receive this welcome kit with a photo of an animal in a shelter right now – one who’s been given a second chance, thanks to you.

Right now, there’s an animal who needs you. Your call says, “I’m here to help”. Please call right now.

—————————————————————————

DSPCA

length: ~50s with few pauses

--- // Overlay text?
Every day in Procore tens of design system components suffer from neglect
---

Hi, I’m Christian Rivera with the DSPCA. Will you be an angel for a helpless component?
Every day styling capabilities are abused, system patterns are changed, or neglected.
And the system is crying for our help.

Please, slack the channel on your screen with a quarterly contribution right now.
For just one sprint a quarter, only a few minutes a day, you’ll help rescue components from
and experiences from dusty recesses and snowflake implementations and help provide proper
implementation and maintenance. Zoom, or join on slack in the next 30 minutes, and you’ll
receive emoji reactions along with a screenshot of a component that’s been
adopted right now - one that’s been given a second chance, thanks to you.

Right now, there’s a platform that needs you. Your contribution says “I’m here to help”.

Overlay:
#design-system-support to Join the DSPCA
1-805-designs (1-805-337-4463)